all right so now we're going to talk a
bit about these inputs your RCA inputs
up top there or your two-track input
right here so I went ahead and I decided
to use these adapters to bring my camp
my computer into Channel five I've just
as easily kind of one and two nine ten
eleven or twelve like this and then have
the same control minus the gain as
Channel five so I still got my on off
switch
still got the PFL and all your bus
switches and everything everything's the
same on these two channels except the
gain but another way you could do it is
you can come into your two-track input
right there and where you see this as if
fans come to you with a CD player and
they say hey I've got a track on here
that I need to be played back during the
song and it could have anything on it
background vocals anything so you they
bring you this CD player or in this case
a computer you can put the signal until
your little two-track input and you come
down here and this is what controls it
your to track in this controls the level
or how much is being sent to either
stereo or monitor if you have it
disengaged as I do right now it's going
to your stereo out and you'll hear it as
you raise the fader out of your PA if
you engage it so now is being sent to
the monitors which come out here and
will be heard here the signal is now
going from here to your monitor phones
knob which one I play something you'll
hear that way let's go ahead and leave
it in monitor I'm going to go and press
play in my logic session so that's
coming through the two track and down to
this knob right here
so I'm deciding how much I want to send
to the monitor phones jack and if you
notice you already see as I turn the
button up and down the level meter so
it's a form of PA felling but but yeah
it lets you know how much signal you're
sending so then you come down to the
monitor phones knob and should hear it
come back turn it down and no more sound
so just to quickly review there you're
coming in to drive the to track from
your computer to track is controlled
through here we've got it engaged so
which means it's being sent to the
monitor Jack which comes out to monitor
out the monitor Jack now let's say I
want to hear it through that through the
PA
well disengage the switch it's now being
sent to the stereo out and as I raise
the fader you should hear it through
that speaker
there you go that is how you control
your your incoming signal using your to
track in